Hello everyone, Natasha and I have recorded
the third podcast yes I will tell it three
news from my life in general then let's
we will immediately get down to business first
the news is that yes now
holidays have many holidays have some
they are already of course Caroline but they are over
for some, they still go at least
I have my family here for the holidays
decided to make my room renovated and yes
Of course do not my family are familiar uncle
very good makes repairs but in general
it does not matter get down to business yes since
my room repair my computer costs
not in my room and not at all and he
departed here and about the series about
letplayev I created a schedule like
such a
v-shaped for myself and i want you now
demonstrate it
you look at him carefully and in
in general, I will try to get out now
The remaining days of the holidays are up to 11
numbers to produce a series like mine
written on the screen but this schedule is not
one hundred percent
you if I do not let any day
series you do not be discouraged just
think about what the repair thing
unpredictable for example yesterday to me
had to tear off the wallpaper
then I slept for four o'clock in the afternoon then
would say would be tired to have an abortion and creepy
thing
the dirtiest the nastiest especially
when not to restrain one more similarity
at night she slept like a dead man
I slept well at night it's me the other way around
pleased because the previous night
i was not very good i slept very much
bad but those who read my twitter they
could read what I wrote about
that I don't sleep well in general yes this is the first
news
what is being done in my room
is it that the release of the series I do not know how
it will turn out like this but in general
before your eyes
schedule yes well in general, the following
the news about studying is about my
many people know and I'm in 10th grade
yes it is true the idea is to study in
tenth grade, but in general I will tell
I decided to pass 10 and 11 class in one
academic year
that is, finish school earlier than not
this is why this year I study
very much so because because I
if I only gave 10 I would
studied so well, only one-tenth as Chela
I have to learn 10 by December and
pass all exams
and then thinking to learn 11 pass 11 here
so that's why I study in twins
more serious and about the release of the series I
of course I will try to do them all of course
they will come out I will not
such that I will have stagnation and I do not
I can not produce video for three months
no i will try to do them but understand
guys me study and it is very important i
I want to give change finished school earlier and
I hope everything will work out I hope
everything is actually delivered to my school you
surprised by my school then maybe pass
two classes in one year if a person
he wants it can pass it of course it
difficult but you need to try general
now i am even when vacation i am now
I study
I study and I study a lot
textbooks know in the 11th tenth grade
textbooks are basically they are connected
for example a geography textbook from me
Anon 11 10 Ie read immediately
entire textbook and then I will learn yes and
do such tasks in general
guys
this was our second news 3 news
on not quite important but in general for
my major, I had a new
all small dog breed
yorkshire terrier little dog
which will grow and will weigh 1 and 5
kilogram is generally very small and in
In general, she is now a puppy and therefore as
you know you need to take the time of the dog and
and bring up so she grew good and
good physicist we still have old
a dog that is 6 years and 1's, too
very cool and how we developed it
another friend of mine made a companion so
say I have long dreamed of since childhood
small dog that will be worn on
hands
where do you want another yorkshire password
terrier such breed that
Him that is, and she more place openly
than for example for other small breeds
dogs and more than any public
places open
here and finally when she grows up with it
I will carry myself everywhere and it is very
cool and just i even know me
when I in childhood I wrote such notes
I want a doggie I want a little doggie
pocket dog which will sit at
me on my knees and love me in
childhood I had an inscription on the leaf
so I do not know 8 years or 7 years, and the street
in general, we brought
our first dog whose name is prince
we thought he would be small on
in fact, he vymahal a large tax
dow size somewhere big dachshund even
maybe more well and then through
some time behind the wheel and and a little
little dog when I turned 16 well
in general yes yes her name is Michelle
calling her teddy bear michelle yes here and so
you can see it on the screen now
photos she is so pretty little
the girl is now sitting with me on
the beds and lies my knees
yes of course she is very lucky she
just loves kissing constantly
climbs kissing face lies constantly it
oh god so cute line guys
yes, in general, thanks to me
listened
goodbye yes we'll meet in a series
any or another podcast
although the next podcast did not think to
will be when I have some
news in life even in the program will be
and thank you for watching me very much
love much and I certainly won't
cast your channel because it's
very important to me here and this is my hobby
so say I like it okay
guys, we will meet for now